please welcome to the stage Spencer
Burke SVP of growth at
[Music]
brayes all right thank you everyone I'm
really excited to be here I've been a
saster fan for a really long time like
many of you I uh remember back in the
day when Jason was on Kora we'd be
following him trying to search you how
to build a company looking for all the
answers from him and so to be here on
stage is is really a treat for me and
I'm really excited to to share a few
things that I've learned in my career up
rise I've listened to quite a bit of
saster content and what I've tried to do
today is model it on some of my favorite
presentations and those happen to be
ones where we go through someone's
career Journey reflect on some of the
lessons they've learned the trials and
tribulations and I'm going try to check
a lot of the boxes for you in that we're
going to have some metrics we're going
to talk about headcount we're going to
talk about scaling we're going to talk
about
IPOs and
we have the obligatory embarrassing
picture I've actually got two but the
reason I chose this one is my journey at
brace in many ways started here in
London actually this is being a tourist
out at Windsor Castle I was here living
in London for a couple years I studied
information systems at the London School
of
economics and that really helped start a
a passion for me around technology and
Technology
systems there's one thing that really
stood out to me for my time there and
that was this book it's called in the
age of the smart machine you could be
fooled because this is a topic that's
frequently in front of us right now but
this was written in 1988 so nothing to
do with geni or LMS or anything like
that it was focused on a different
platform shift which was the rise of
computing in corporate environments so
after the big main frames that we saw
that filled gymnasiums but when we
started to see computers really take
over the work place for different
aspects of both white color jobs but
then also in different parts of the
industrial supply chain and I still keep
a copy of this book on my desk if you
haven't taken the time to read about the
history of Technology not just this book
just generally any big platform shift
technology wave the history of Silicon
Valley I I highly recommend it
especially in a moment like today where
we're just the influx of noise that we
have about about Ai and the future of
work and you even here we're hearing the
full spectrum of predictions is AI a
co-pilot and all of our jobs are okay is
AI going to take over everything and
marketers and sdrs have not a hope in
the world for for having employment into
the future it's really helpful to look
back we've gone through this before
maybe it's a little bit faster this time
but there's a lot to learn from
history and one of my favorite case
studies in this book
was some work that she did looking at
paper mills and this picture is like a
really early Industrial Paper Mill she
was actually looking more like in the
mid
1980s as that wave of computation was
starting to to come into an industrial
process like
that I'm guessing a lot of you aren't
really familiar with paper mills unless
there's someone here with a really Niche
vertical software you never know these
days like that that could definitely be
the case but what she found was that
intuition was a really key part of the
professional satisfaction and the role
that the folks in the mill developed for
themselves they used their senses to
understand the health of the system and
the operation they literally be walking
around on the floor of the mill and
they'd walk by a machine or a vat like
full of paper pulp put their hand on it
and feel they they knew what temper
temperature it should be the same as I
have two little kids so frequently just
feeling the forehead of my daughter to
and you can tell right away is she hot
does she have a fever and these workers
would do the same thing they would
listen if there's a sound that was out
of place they knew how it should sound
you know similar maybe parent who's uh
really into cars and they know exactly
what that engine should sound like
there's some knocking or some clicking
or something they know what it is right
away and that that was the same for
these
workers and that all got disrupted
we're going to talk more about that and
connect that back into some themes but I
want to leave you with two two thoughts
on this right now the first is that
we've gone through historical platform
shifts that have made big changes on
work so in some ways this isn't new it's
happened again and again and in this AI
moment that we're all
in you can internalize that keep that
thought and the second thing is even on
a more micro level there's many moments
in scaling and building a company where
you go from something that's really
driven by the intuition and this could
be your founder who really intuitively
understands a Marketplace it could be a
salesperson who has a knack for selling
positioning and building relationships
but over time as you're scaling you
start to talk more about Automation and
dashboarding and being data driven and
that also has consequences on work and
so take those two ideas CU we're going
to fast forward a little bit to another
embarrassing picture of me this is our
second office it's a weii work in New
York City that's me in probably
2011 I left London a friend of mine who
I'd known for a really long time
messaged me on MSN Messenger because
that's what we use back then as one for
the history books as well but he said
moving to New York I'm starting a
company let's
talk cryptic message led to a bunch of
conversations met the co-founder some of
the
investors packed up my life moved to New
York City and was the second employee at
brace this is a really exciting time for
me and for the company because it 2011
you have to remember a couple things we
were really focused in the mobile space
and the mobile ecosystem the iPhone then
was about four years old came out in
2007 the App Store wasn't part of the
first iPhone that was closer to 2009 so
we're two years into this ecosystem that
today in 2024 we take take completely
for granted but if you remember thly App
Store what were the apps calculator apps
flashlight apps soundboards anyone
remember like using some of these before
Brands before there's deliver before you
could stream everything on your phone
that's what we were downloading onto our
phones and that's the time period this
was in it was also a really interesting
time in the New York Tech scene it'd be
a few years later but we'd hired our
first people in London as well and I
think everyone in Europe can probably
relate to this to some extent the tech
scene was just very nent back then there
were a couple companies people knew
about mostly in the consumer space this
like
Tumblr probably heard of them had some
trials and tribulations since then for
square was a New York company out of
this era as well on the SAS side though
there couple adte companies not a lot
you I think parts of London and Europe
we we're in a very similar state if you
were building a career in SAS building a
SAS company
chances are you're in Silicon Valley but
that that was the time period that we
were in I was the second employee I are
three founders iOS Developer and then me
like a lot of the team I was doing every
job under the sun even our co-founder
was choosing our health insurance then
ordering lunch for the office every day
it really W like if you're in that stage
right now it's incredibly fun the whole
team is rallying together everyone's
doing everything at times I was bdr I
was field marketer heck I was even
product manager cuz we' hired a bunch of
Engineers but we hadn't hired any PMS
there just a lot of the conventional
wisdom that you get at being at an event
like this and reading about how to scale
teams it just wasn't the same quality
back then and so we were really Scrappy
doing a lot of different
things and one of the defining
characteristics for me at this time was
like we were trying to find product
Market fit and as many of that's really
difficult we had when I started we had
no products no Revenue no customers
we're just fighting to survive you know
iterating on the product going to every
event we could trying to find those
first beta
customers and again like none of the
thinking there wasn't like a customer
Discovery process you could go download
from some Venture firm there was no like
the the language round design partners
that early stage companies use now none
of that really existed and so we are
finding our way through that versus
today when it comes to something like
product Market fit even over the past
couple months seoa first round have
released these incredible Frameworks for
thinking about phases of product Market
fit how you have it for us it was one of
those things where you knew it when you
had it but before that you're scared
you're fighting to to keep lunch on the
table and to keep the team growing but
there there's a chart that I like this
is our I think we from like early 2015
so this is like three three and a half
years and through 2017 our Revenue
growth this is basically product Market
fit if you had any questions on what it
is it's just tremendous growth that's
putting wind into your sales and it's
also really scary because you go from
having no customers or a couple
customers really close beta
Partners to this and it's great right
Revenue wins really fuel the team but
there's a lot of challenges that come
with that one thing you also Jason
talked a little bit yesterday morning
about the triple double as a formula for
getting to 100 million as a SAS company
you can see like the the tripling in
here which is like part of our formula
for success and I think proving that
pattern the person who formulated that
near a jagger wall from Battery Ventures
is one of our investors on our board so
you can see some of what he saw in the
company around this
time for me this was a shift from doing
all these random odd jobs around the
company just going to wherever I could
go solve a problem and and feel useful
to a really deep focus on customer
success and scaling the teams around CS
which for us was basically all of our
product our customer facing product
experts and similar to the the texting
in New York at the time you couldn't
find a CSM if you put out a job
description like I want a CSM with seven
years of experience in soft mtech
software as a service you're not going
to find anyone those companies didn't
exist those people didn't exist maybe if
you hire them in the Bay Area you could
we'd see the same thing a few years
later opening the office here in London
you could try but you really would
struggle to find someone with that
specific
experience and I think this happens in a
lot of new roles you get excited you're
trying to hire it but the thing you
actually have to do is spend time
thinking about what the skills you
actually need for that role are and I
actually think that's a great exercise
because we get lazy if I'm writing a job
description now for some completely
standard role I'm just I'm searching
some other things on LinkedIn or some
site looking at some other JDS then I'm
copying in yeah okay this is going to be
about three years of management
experience for this level eight years in
the field you're just copying being
pasting and frankly it's just laziness
we get to be lazy taking shortcuts is a
luxury that we did and we didn't have
that back then so we actually to spend
the time and think about okay what do we
want a CSM to be what are those skills
is it technical is it customer facing is
IT industry
experience how do we want to make up
that team and so it was actually a
really good forcing function and I think
especially for small teams where every
incremental hire really matters it's
actually worth being really thorough on
that exercise throw out some of the
things like the boiler plate JD and
actually spend time thinking about the
skills you want this person to bring to
the table how you're going to discover
that in an interview Loop and and cover
some of those things because it it
really does matter and for us this is a
headcount growth over time in the Cs org
but these aren't all csms for us CS was
this really big umbrella and the early
csms I get to first one down there and
then we're growing incrementally over
time this was a lot of jobs it was CSM
it was onboarding it was tech support we
were doing some sales engineering which
we called Solutions
Consulting like I said we were doing
everything that was customer facing that
required product expertise and over time
we would layer in some
specialization but that was also
something that we really had to grow
into and I think actually like as a
field we don't spend enough time on
like if you're listening to a lot of
saster there's some incredible content
on when to hire your first salesperson
when to hire the VP of sales the ratio
of salese to sdrs like when you should
hire them all those kinds of things in
CS I think is a lot murkier like we talk
very high level about when to hire the
CSM and usually the recommendation is
hire the first one ear earlier than you
think you need to and then some rough
rules of thumb on book of business to
help you scale
but what actually happens and I advised
a couple companies talked to a lot of Cs
leaders these early
csms it's very common to follow a
similar pattern you're doing a lot of
jobs but when you should split that out
how you should think about that when do
invest in support we just don't really
have the same sophistication around yet
but I think it's an opportunity for
everyone and I keep that in mind there's
a lot of benefits to having these jack
of all trades csms early on and actually
Sam or no yesterday with the gong CEO he
talked a bit about how he expects AES s
strr csms these roles merge together
maybe AI facilitates that one of the
benefits he talked about which we
experienced in the early days is you get
a lot of shortcuts and a lot of benefits
to having a ton of ownership embedded in
these roles I would be out helping a
salesperson pitch a deal acting as sales
engineer I know that I'm going to
onboard that account I know I'm going to
support them them after the onboarding
finishes so I'm not recommending any
like crazy workarounds or solutions that
don't really fit the use of the product
there's no handoff I'm not handing off
to myself I'm there's just continuity
the customer met me they continue to
know me that doesn't really scale but in
that moment there's a ton of value that
you get within that process and then you
slowly have to unwind and unpack some of
that as you layer specialization
in and so for me as I was growing this
team I was also thinking on a personal
level and I yeah I think for many early
employees it's challenging because you
know the company you've been part of
scaling it but you're trying to figure
out what is that path for you and I
think there's almost like a two common
of a dialogue
around people are a certain stage of
company the sales leader great VP of
sales but after the series C you're
going to need somebody different and
you're going to have to go find that
cro so and says great marketing leader
but really AE of marketing for a series
a company and you know I think as for a
Founder that's the right dialogue to
have you need to build your team you
need to have the top people but more
empathetically from the position of an
early
employee you're so excited about this
company and you're trying to find the
right path for you how to continue to be
impactful and for me in this
world okay career in a box what's next
for CS okay Chief customer officer maybe
cro that wasn't a super typical pattern
at the time thanks to people like Jason
Nick meta gainsight this idea CCO had
come pretty common and started to
formulate as an industry standard so I
thought to myself growing the
team excited about this seems to be
working sure like that there you go that
that was it and talk a little bit more
like obviously you can see that's not my
title I've done something a little bit
different
today but I think this is a really
important exercise to think about and
especially if you happen to be someone
who's in an early employee at an early
stage company to start to think about
what that vision is for yourself and
maybe if it doesn't fit into a box how
do you start to really shape those
opportunities and add value but do it in
a way that energizes you and for me one
of the things that I did because I could
start to see signs of this but I was
really excited about the specialization
the or design and then think about how
we could use technology to scale more
effectively and one of the first things
we did like I said was we started to
think about this early kind of do
everything CSM a more specialized role
and then further specializing on that
and so the first stage for us was within
the CSM
Department we hired leaders to lead
sales engineering we hired tech support
people those reported to me for a while
and that was for me get an opportunity
to get
re-enchanting system we need to build
this process so getting
re-enchanting and so the specialization
was also this opportunity rethink this
build new process bring in new tools and
we did all this within the Cs universe
but then over time we also started to
see these roles weren't the end of the
story but also there was better
alignment into other functional areas
and so we began this process toward the
end of that 2017 is time frame where
sales engineering super aligned to sales
more common orc structures for that to
report into a sales leader we made that
change CS also got a little bit simpler
in the process we were more focused on
the customer post sales we were focused
on retention reducing
churn at the same time we started to see
how scaling tech support was really
critical for our product and our
customers were asking for more
responsive support and we had a small
team doing that we brought in a leader
from the
outside pulled that team out and created
its own technical support department and
we did the same thing with our
onboarding team which became the seed of
our Professional Services Group uh but
that Evolution kind happen slowly over
time again we didn't have a playbook for
that but we were really careful about
thinking that through and I think like
one of the advantages for me as like
someone who had been really invested in
the company at an early stage I wasn't
an external leader coming in and typical
Trope I want the biggest team possible
I'm going to build my Empire I'm a big
experienced leader I need all the
headcount I can get so all these teams
you have all these people we're going to
keep them all together for me is I just
want to do what's right for Braves it's
not about how many people I have how big
the or is how big the budget is if it's
better here if I go talk to someone
who's really experienced in the space
and I say oh we made this change around
the same size here are the benefits
collect that data weigh the pros and
cons and start to do that and so that
was the journey we went through like I
said I think this is a really overlooked
part of the scaling process especially
for these product these customer facing
roles who really become your deep
product experts CS leaders that I talked
to today they're often they're wearing a
lot of these hats they're trying to
figure this out I think the one area at
least from my own learning that we
underinvested in early on in part
because we're a somewhat technical
product even though we serve a marketing
audience we didn't invest enough in
technical support and so over time we
had to play catchup on that the csms are
worried I've been the one nurturing
these relationships and now you're just
going to ask the customer to open a
tickets they're not going to like that
and then you do it and the reality is
the customer loves it
because these teams are optimized on
things like first response time to
resolution customer satisfaction and a
great support team is a machine that is
super responsive to solving customer
problems whereas often for CS You're
Building relationships you're helping
guide strategy you're driving product
adoption and that's a different motion I
think I encourage everyone to like look
really carefully and like try to map
that out for your org the more you can
look into the future on this stuff I
think the the quicker you can be smart
and make some early Investments that
really pay off and I think especially
for CS where you can tend to get pretty
attached to how things are you can get a
little bit over attached to your
customers pulling us back to my
historical analogy with the paper mill
is it's the same process for the csms
they are driving adoption and account
Health through their intuition we
measure this we call it sentiment I'm
sure if you have csms you probably have
some kind of sentiment red Ember green 1
to 10 score something that's capturing
CSM sentiment that's them talking to the
customer updating a field in sales force
or gainsight or Catalyst or or something
like that and doing the same thing these
Mill workers were doing more or less is
walking around their book of business
feeling things out talking they had a
pretty innate understanding of what the
customer needed and how to respond to it
and then what we tried to do is push
them into
this efficient process that's data
driven and as automated as
possible and in the case study on the
paper mill these workers went through
this experience of walking around using
their intuition to sitting in a control
room with a dashboard like actual
control panel with gauges lights and so
they went from listening and feeling and
and seeing and sensing to all right this
gauge is at s
red lights flashing what does that mean
they' open a 300 page manual there's no
notion or Confluence or anything and
they page through and said okay that
plus this okay now I need to go input
this command and do this thing and so it
totally broke this intuitive work for
them and that's not to say the intuitive
work was better but in that moment of
change and in that moment of
disruption it's really freaking painful
because they didn't know what to do
anymore and they used to know what to do
just by instinct and I think almost
every sales especially account
management and CS team goes through this
process where you're really driven on
the intuition of the person in roll the
relationship with the customer and then
you're like you know what we're going to
solve this with dashboards customer
Health scores alerts and so that job
that was picking up the phone or getting
on a plane and going to the customer's
office is Monday Morning open up that
dashboard look at that report you have
seven different dimensions of product
adoption and usage and consumption and
telling them the same thing look at
those numbers go pull up the Playbook
maybe it's a little bit more automated
than that probably not and then go
reduce churn in your book of business I
think that is probably the right thing
to do and we see a lot of teams that do
that successfully but again when you're
scaling going through that change of
really deeply trusting everyone with the
accounts that they have and intimately
knowing them to trying to run a large
team at scale that's closely monitoring
usage that's closely monitoring churn is
a huge change and so you I think just
encourage everyone again like you can
anticipate this with scale it shouldn't
be a surprise I just think we're not as
regimented or disciplined about thinking
through these things and also like the
specialization like I was talking about
I think that's an opportunity for every
early C
team I also encourage everyone to like
really choose your tools wisely it's a
little bit different now but like we
went through a whole Saga of csps and
different kinds of tools csps that don't
exist anymore that probably none of you
have heard of I made the mistake of
trying them it's really important to
choose your Tech Partners wisely I think
it's especially hard in the post sales
space
because Salesforce or your HubSpot
whatever your CRM is you're your revops
team is probably configuring that really
highly for your sales team and CS tends
to be a second class citizen in that
ecosystem so you think sure just plug in
the CSP I've got my own tool solve all
my
problems again probably
not encourage everyone on this front I
really think through what problem are
you trying to solve I've talked to teams
who chose a CSP because of its not-
taking
capability I don't know if you want to
make that decision that's a better at no
taking than Salesforce it's like build
rep platform your whole team around but
I've heard about that happening I think
through what are you trying to solve are
you trying to have a system that
automates playbooks are you trying to
present usage data to your team are you
trying to create a health score do you
just want to have a better way to track
sentiment there's a lot of great things
that exist in this ecosystem but I think
similar to being lazy on hiring and the
need that you actually have for a role I
think the same thing can happen here we
can end up just really lazy okay just
plug in a CSP then you have nobody to
admin it you don't actually know what
you want to get out of it and it
delivers about that much value in in
this time I also got really excited
about thinking about how the team scaled
and ended up ditching the CCO aspiration
and we started this growth team at Bray
which for the last six years I've been
managing and I'm almost worried to show
headcount here because it it's not
totally the right story for us the
growth team at bra it's not about
marketing it's not about user
acquisition the customers I was working
with at the time are really
sophisticated ones had started to take
this idea of growth hacking growth
marketing and they were building these
really cool teams that were cross
functional
experimental and data driven and so I
hit the reset button on my career path
which I think was pretty essential in
the end in hindsight to me saying I'm
not sure I would have scaled well into
that CCO role and took a small team of
about five people couple of the csms
that I really liked that had started to
do this kind of work with
me the two data people we had in bra at
the time and then we hired an engineer
and so we took a combination of people
that understood the customer people that
could build real reports real automation
Solutions and an engineer to to give us
independence to go get that done on our
own and we initially focused on all the
challenges we had in CS that we couldn't
figure out how to
scale and I'm sure you've all seen this
your csms have side projects they're
going to make new decks new templates
they're going to build some automation
they're going to work on the health
score then there's a customer
escalation there's an EBR they have to
fly to there's a conference they need to
go to those side projects first thing to
go on the back burner or you have some
mythical 20% time philosophy and you
think okay 20% of your time you're going
to make the team better really hard to
do that again in any customer facing
role side projects are not a recipe to
scale in my experience and so we decided
to make this investment was lucky enough
that our leadership team agreed to do it
and we pulled out the team and we
started focusing on that and over time
we don't have 80 people trying to help
CS scale that really wouldn't make sense
but we found in the DNA of this team and
as the company was scaling is that we
needed that kind of thinking across
bravs and so the team became the home of
our business intelligence and data team
we built an engineering team focused on
Automation and internal tooling we
incubated several teams and that's been
part of what our team does if we have a
new idea or an experiment my team's a
great place to do it because that
experimental approach that we have means
that if it doesn't work we're willing to
shut it
down we also we've also helped many
teams scale we've taken small teams
grown them and the same thing we did on
CS with the specialization is at a
certain point we knew this team belongs
somewhere else and we moved it out of
growth and for me again My Success isn't
dependent on the budget or the headcount
it's the company being
successful love to talk to people more
about this it's I think somewhat of a
novel approach and I think there's a lot
of opportunities for other SAS companies
to adopt this I think especially around
tooling and data we really quickly index
toward more of an itl approach than a
product mindset and for us a this has
been part of what's helped us be
successful and because we love a good
Revenue charted saster this is the 2017
to 20121 right before we ipoed a phase
of some doubling and some high
growth couple things I'm really proud of
in that time frame my team incubated and
launched our certification program we've
certified thousands of people employees
Partners customers this is really cool
because it it's one of those things
early on where you someone's going to
look for the ROI they're going to try to
understand that and our team was a
really safe place to get this going
because we knew there was value we
benchmarked a bunch of great programs
and we're able to launch this and
Achieve pretty significant
scale in this time period we also went
public for us this was November 2021 so
Jason talked about hashy Corp and the
closing of the IP window we were a few
weeks before
them really lucky to get to be there I'm
over on the right side or the left side
as are looking at it huge moment for us
but it was also a big moment for our
team because part of the IPO process for
us was looking at things related to
audit and compliance and there was a lot
of data and Automation and
considerations for that and typically
that kind of thing people either assume
it's just to be red tape and a pretty
boring terrible process and don't get me
wrong there's aspects of that totally
fall in that bucket but one of the
things that we found was the data and
the way we had to approach some of these
things like thinking about Revenue
recognition I don't know if anyone else
had to deal with ACS 6 ASC ASC 606 but
when you're thinking about Revenue
recognition and the data that you need
to put together for that and for your
Auditors it's a very high bar when we
think about the complaints we often have
on data for CS teams and for sales teams
garbage in garbage out you can't just
have s excuses like that the data has to
be perfect and the level of QA the
quality the modeling that goes into it
was a really big forcing function for us
and what we were able to find is that
producing data at that bar at that level
of quality had tremendous benefits for
our CS team for our sales team
especially around things like
consumption and I think there's a great
takeaway there at least it was for me
that CS teams can really thrive on high
quality
data and it's not just for dashboarding
thinking about alerting thinking about
using automation to communicate that
directly to the customer and so you
don't have to IPO to do that but I think
the rigor of being a public company and
also holding your teams to that bar
especially when it comes to data that
you want to run your business on it is a
really helpful
exercise the last thing for us is it's
also put us in a position to move
quickly and be at the Forefront of
changes in
AI I think every company has reacted to
this in different ways but as soon as it
started to exper use chat GPT when it
launched experienced that I was Finding
Hacker News articles about how teams had
trained and finetuned or done early
versions of rag on their documentation
to start to deflect support cases before
any of these products existed or these
companies were founded people were
sharing and open sourcing these things I
was sending this to my engineering team
and we jumped on starting to experiment
with some of this stuff and I think it's
really important part of this shift and
this platform change that we're in right
now you don't need to try to solve every
problem with AI but if you're not doing
something and you're not paying
attention and you're not present as the
landscape shifting around you it's
really hard to learn and that's the
approach that we've take which again I
think we benefit from being highly
experimental from being data driven and
being willing to try new things that
don't have any immediate Roi but help
our team learn faster and compound over
time so that's been a really fun part of
what we've been able to do and I think
it's also a moment where our work is
potentially changing nature of some of
these roles is changing and so it's
important to start to be present in that
change and be a participant and not a
victim of it where you can
be last really quickly because it's not
a pitch but I'm super proud of spending
almost 13 years at Bray as a thing
things we built being an early employee
I think it's a really Incredible Journey
and obviously
Founders by Design you get to
participate most of the time in that
whole journey with a company I think for
many early employees It's tricky to find
that path and to stick around really
proud of doing that and hopefully more
people can find that same opportunity
because I do think you can get put into
a box and almost get Scaled out of your
role even for a company you're
passionate about and if anyone's in that
position or thinking about that happy to
talk to you later today or find me on
LinkedIn couple quick takeaways and we
have a bit of time for Q&A first thing
is look really closely at these side
projects I I'm pretty skeptical of
customer facing roles being able to
really successfully do this at scale
there's absolutely incremental gains you
can get but if you're expecting a CSM
with a big book of business who's really
busy fighting fires to go radically
change some process or improve
efficiency I I think you're a little
delusional and so I'd be I'd really
carefully look at that and think about
like how you can actually measure that
and who should be responsible because if
you take all those little bits of 20%
time you might have pretty close to a a
team to go do that and so just think
about what that time allocation and
resource allocation looks like to where
you can even as you scale keep bits of
that DNA whether from being a small
company whether that's people on the
team whether that's building a team
that's creating some of that Innovation
I think there's just a ton of value to
that you absolutely need to do the
things that scale you need leaders who
have seen the movie before who know the
big picture who have scaled Revenue
massively you need to do all the things
for audit compliance like everything
that book but there are different ways
to do this and I think it's a really sad
thing when a company loses the
Innovative mindset that helped get it
where it is
third really think through your vision
and what you're looking for whether
that's in a technology platform whether
that's in a data system or it's in a
role that you're hiring for and then
finally and I think there's just a ton
of value here is try to learn from
history where you
can the news the whole cycle that we're
in right now is super noisy there's
value there like I said for sure to be
present but be close to the technology
if you're going to spend time doing
something in AI don't like be listening
to the talking try to learn it get close
to it develop yourself rather than
getting lost in the noise if you want to
learn about and spend time reading
something go back and look at some of
the the prior waves there's a ton of
great books some of them much more
practical than than paper mills maybe a
little bit more relatable like Bill
mcder books is great on the history of
Xerox and the platform change from
document management being about printing
to scanning and being computerized has
experience that sap go out there and
look find something that really speaks
to you cuz it's definitely out there and
will help you learn and
contextualize the change that we're
happening now which could be that big
macro change or could be a micro change
of something you're experiencing as you
scale and with that I'm a little over
time but we have a little bit of time
for questions
[Applause]